In summary, model parameters are estimated from data automatically and model hyperparameters are set manually and 
are used in processes to help estimate model parameters.
Model hyperparameters are often referred to as parameters because they are the parts of the machine learning that 
must be set manually and tuned.
If you have to specify a model parameter manually then
it is probably a model hyperparameter.
Some examples of model hyperparameters include:
The learning rate for training a neural network.
The C and sigma hyperparameters for support vector machines.
The k in k-nearest neighbors.
Many models have important parameters which cannot be directly estimated from the data. For example, 
in the K-nearest neighbor classification model … This type of model parameter is referred to as a tuning 
parameter because there is no analytical formula available to calculate an appropriate value.

What is a Model Hyperparameter?
A model hyperparameter is a configuration that is external to the model and whose value cannot be estimated from data.
They are often used in processes to help estimate model parameters.
They are often specified by the practitioner.
They can often be set using heuristics.
They are often tuned for a given predictive modeling problem.
We cannot know the best value for a model hyperparameter on a given problem. We may use rules of thumb, 
copy values used on other problems, or search for the best value by trial and error.
When a machine learning algorithm is tuned for a specific problem, such as when you are using a grid search or a random search, 
then you are tuning the hyperparameters of the model or order to discover the parameters of the model that result 
in the most skillful predictions.
In statistics, you may assume a distribution for a variable, such as a Gaussian distribution. Two parameters of the 
Gaussian distribution are the mean (mu) and the standard deviation (sigma). This holds in machine learning, where these 
parameters may be estimated from data and used as part of a predictive model.
